beg son
and gentle fires
we stood frost zone day temperature
fell to frightening from the place however myself
light itself
500,000 penis worms do not fit
in the middle of a snowy field stood itself
ordinariness
huge awkward funny at some
right look
corner fantastic confluence
circumstances, think incredibly low
temperature of the mixture and Gaidar which
turned out to be contaminated with chemicals water
electrical discharges are likely to power
profiles see what happens next
Now let's see what's in this snow
unusually we will understand now
you know the end is all normal people
sit at home warm to you you already tell me
believe super hero be
he takes not so easy
you stupid why I have not fired you yet
motherfucker mother and come on here shit
dog I will decide to climb you
asshole smelly your mother
Russ destroyer